
# Introduction

   Hi, Me, Amrapali working at Janastu since 2010 which works on "Technology for society". 
   I like the work environment here very much because it is very friendly and stress free. One gets 
   to worh on their interest.I know Dinesh through my husband, who met him in one organic fair. He is 
   child loving and has given me lot of space to grow. Shalini is very friendly. When i joined Ajay,
   Rakendu, Arvind, Pradeep were working here. Met many other people from different nations 
   working with different interests. Many other interns joned, worked,and left with experience. 
  
      After that learnt little bit of python and HTML and made website for Minimum wages and Sanchaynele.
     
      http://team.servelots.com/my/pradeep/Sanchaya/contact.html
   
           When i joined, i researched on how to purify water with 3 fold of cotton cloth and reduce
           the risk of woter born diseases, and made a web page for the same. 
           Visit  http://pantoto.org/waterfilter/
           
           Then i worked on a project called 'Alipi',
           Which is for reducing the semantic digital gap by breaking language bar and accessibility 
           for the print-impaired.I narrated lot of web pages English to Hindi and Gujarati  and audio 
           recording to taste the alipi tool. A general try out site: http://alipi.us  and more
           information and pointers:
           visit alipi.janastu.org

          After that I was working on testing SWTR project. Learnt about image annotation, text
          annotation, how to pull data using tags - ontology and developed web pages about folk dances 
          of India, Yoga,Mudra. Learnt to use fold tool, where any member can publish story, I wrote 
          about folk dances of Gujarat. Learnt a lot about  diversity of Indian communities, casts, 
          rituals and customs.
          Visit http://dash.swtr.us
      
         This Year, Currently working on chaha.in project using wordpress cms with Bhanu, who enabled
         me to use wordpress. Created posts, wrote documents about Girija Kalyana, Mysore dasara. 
         Village dasara, River rituals, Brahm rathotsava,Hampi utsava, Dharmgudaa dasara resized and
         uploaded images, made image sliders, testing and publishing posts.
         visit http://chaha.in/category/intangible/dasara/
       
      
      
      
      
